The Joe Rogan experience. And that's the thing like MMA fans are fickle, right?
They like who they like, they don't like, they, like,
it's only about three or four fighters that can get a lot of views,
but that on YouTube, on that's that it's that way with everything.
That's what I'm saying. So comedy that way with, yeah.
And people are fascinated. Like, I I'm lucky enough to know a cabib right.
Or somebody like that. Like,
I didn't know who this guy was until Rashad Evans was like, yo,
let me introduce you to my guy, Ali.
And then I met Ali filming some Henzel Gracie stuff for him. Um,
and he was like, yo, I like you, man. Let me put you together. When my fighter,
you know, who kaibbi is. I was like,
is that the guy that fought Michael Johnson? I didn't know who could be,
was he was like,
I think y'all would be a good fit cuz the way you do stories and stuff like
that. I think you'll, he'll like you and you'll like him.
And I literally met him of January of last year of 2018
in Boston. Um, and when Francis was fighting,
Steve payy and VOing was fighting DC.
And that was the first time I ever met cabib and the rest is history. I, I,
I filmed the him up there. He was Finn fight Tony. Um,
then I film him during the whole Connor fiasco LaQuinta then I went to
dstan. I went to dstan what's that like intense, but it was it like,
it was beautiful because people tried to scare me when I was supposed to go to
dstan who, like I got people in the UFC that was like, yo, careful over there.
I'm thinking like people that work for the UFC. Yeah. Just stand,
like be careful. Like, and I'm thinking to myself, like my DMS on Instagram,
like bro, just be careful. They don't play over there. I was going,
I went doing Ramadan last June. Wow. At the end of Ramadan. And uh,
did you have to observe while you were there? So, uh,
Kabi wanted me to come during like the last tail end of Ramadan. Right.
So I went over there, um, by myself,
went and got my visa in Miami and went over there, just got my ticket. And um,
I went over there. I remember the first day I got there.
I was in like customs for like two hours cuz they couldn't speak English at this
little airport in,
in dstan <affirmative> and cabbe was outside <laugh> and he wasn't coming to the
airport cuz he too famous. Right. And this is in the middle of the night.
And I remember when I first got there, uh,
it was just checkpoint everywhere when I got there,
like we like drive down the street person with some guns. I'm like, all right,
cool. I don't know where we at, but this is dggingstan and um,
I ended up into this, this, I stayed at this uncle house, I think.
And from there it was, it was just a beautiful moment.
The dggystan Chronicles is my most popular thing on my channel, obviously,
cuz it's showing cabib in the way. No one's ever seen them. Um,
I observed Robin down the whole time I was there. I didn't eat, I didn't drink.
I did exactly what cabibum did because I think a,
a problem with us a lot as Americans,
as we take our culture somewhere else and I wanted to observe day culture and
really see what it was like. And I was fascinated.
I wanted to know why women covered themselves. And I asked all those questions,
all of that stuff is in the documentary.
And now when I get all these millions of people watching these videos,
the most common thing is like, where's the women at? And I'm like,
why are these people so obsessed with where the women at? And,
and I literally went into that. Like I asked, like when you,
when these women are married, you don't point a camera at these people.
You like, I've seen women, you just don't point a camera at 'em it's rude.
Right. And that's like in their culture and their culture, did they explain.
This to you? Yeah they did. And they, how.
What did they say? They literally just said, they look at they,
like I talked to a couple of 'em a couple people over there and they were just
like, we look at our women as women, as Queens and we cover 'em because in, in,
in the, in the Quran is, you know, the man is weak to the flesh.
So they don't want their woman to be, you know,
look at by other men things. Yeah. That's the word I was looking for.
So you just covered themselves up. Um, and in our culture that's, you know,
that may be weird, but I respect it. Like what they told me, it made sense.
It literally made sense where it was just like, listen,
we don't let another man look at our wife. Right.
I'm not gonna bash on that culture because I like that's silly.
A woman can do whatever they wanna do. That's just how they feel like I don't,
you know, so, but I seen women,
I seen some beautiful women too while I was in dstan.
So it wasn't the fact that I didn't film any women. I seen women. But.
They explained to you when you go here, you cannot film.
The women. No, no, no. It was just, yeah. In a way,
like just don't film another man's woman.
Like I think I talked to Chris Wyman once, uh, when I was at,
at his gym when I was doing allyqueta he, he went tochenia. Yeah.
And uh, he told me a story.
I think him and vodue went to cheshnia and he was telling me a story of like,
he accidentally touched the woman's hand and uh,
they like literally got on, like, you don't touch another woman.
You don't touch a woman's hand over here cuz that's bad on her. Right. Right.
And I was like, that's crazy.
You can't even cuz he said he was just like reaching out shaking peoples hands
and you know, human instinct, you reach and grab somebody's hand.
And he just said, man, that that's different culture over there.
You can't a woman can't touch another man hand. So yeah, that.
Guy from chetchna the, the leader of chestan he's like really into mm MMA.
Right. He flies as much people out.
Yeah. You know what's crazy is that I don't know anything about the guy or his
politics or anything, but I know that he obsessed with fighting. Right.
I know toong been over there and yeah. Why man? And all these guys I just met,
uh, Nick detu the other day mm-hmm <affirmative> and they went,
they went over there to Chenia him and the Mendez brothers. Uh,
that jujitsu. Yeah. They had, I think the Mendez brothers had like a,
a seminar or something seminar. I,
I did like a preview of cheetove and he was talking about it in there.
Like they did a jujitsu match in front of some Ola, Gar or over there,
like it's crazy. Right? Like they flew him over there for that. Yeah. Well he's.
Got a lot of money.
Yeah. Oh, Hey. I'm not even fighting. These sponsors didn't.
Need to give cabib like some crazy Mercedes when he won.
I think I saw that Instagram. He got like a gift.
I think he gave him some crazy S class Kabi getting that Dubai money.
Now though he always in Dubai. He, I mean, since his fight, he been in Dubai.
How many times what's he doing over there? Speaking things like that. I mean,
when you,
one of the most fam I think he's like top 15 and the most famous athletes now.
Well.
For sure. And definitely the most famous Muslim math. Yeah.
Yeah. So I mean he.
And the only UFC champion that's undefeated, other than John Jones,
who should be undefeated. If not for that one, listen, up.
Disqualification.
After spending time with cabib and daggystan like meeting his father,
going into the mountains and things like, I just don't see nobody beating him.
I'm sorry, what you throw at him? You know, way.
I just feel like just his pedigre of where he from. It's nothing.
That's gonna break that guy. It's not you can't what are you gonna do?
I just don't think it's nothing you can do after going to dagstan and seeing how
those people live and how they, their, their code and their,
their values and how they live. What.
Way? What, what was so convincing? Well, just.
How STR the faith is over there. Right?
And they tie in everything they do to their faith.
It's sort of like how Ali was like,
I'm not gonna lose because of ally and things like that.
And I truly believe after seeing like just the camaraderie over there,
the gyms, they train in the mountains, everything that makes this guy,
it's nothing in a octagon that someone is gonna do. Like there's gonna beat.
Couldbe like, everything can happen. A flukete can happen.
We see it all the time.
But I just feel like mentally there's nothing that's gonna break. Couldbe like,
if I feel like if, if he was ever in a situation where he had to tap,
he wouldn't like you would, he would just have to put him to sleep.
Cuz I just don't think that's possible. Like to beat him. I,
I honestly feel like Kabi can't lose. I just don't see nobody beating him.
I just I've been in locker rooms with fighters and you got a butterfly feeling
and things like that. Like when he fought Connor and I was in a locker room
Kaib was facet, timing, his people and Don laughing and Javier Mendez,
just like let's get focused. Let's get focused. Let's focus.
Cabibv is not caring. Wow. Cabib just ready to go. Right. When, uh,
Tony Ferguson was fighting petest he like hit MI with Javier and cabbe just
looking up the screen. <laugh> Javier was like, let's get focused.
Let get focus. KIB don't care, man. This' is a different level. He all said,
that's like his favorite thing. This is a different level.
That's what I about him, man. It's like, people are obsessed with the fighter.
I like aibva as a person.
And that's the thing that I get outta this anatomy of a fighter is like just
hanging out with this guy. Mm-hmm <affirmative> like,
if you ever watch my series, I never really talk about a guy's fight coming up.
Like if you ever watch anatomy fighter, it's not about your opponent.
It's just about your life F because I felt like when I created it,
I felt like these organizations wasn't promoting fighters all the way and
not, yeah. They gonna promote the top fighters and things like that.
But what about the guys that are two and one in the UFC not ranked,
like they in the UFC, like they may get cut after a couple fights.
Like what do they have left after that? And I was just like,
let me create this series instead of a documentary and just continue to build
this and follow these guys' lives. And that's all I really wanted to do.
It was no hidden incentive where I was like,
I'm gonna make millions of dollars off this.
I'm gonna end on a Joe Rogan podcast. It was like,
I love following these fighters and telling they stories because it's sorta of
like similar to my journey. You know, these guys are,
what was the guy that just fought, um, Deron Wyn in Greenville,
Eric spicy or spice or whatever his name was mm-hmm <affirmative> he tweeted
like, oh, I had, he just got, they got fired tonight. Right? He was like,
I had two minus, two 70 in my bank account. Yeah. I I've been there,
Joe. So that's why I I'd get the passion out of doing it.
Cuz I've been there with these fighters. I've at this point in my life,
I've paid for fighters, flights and hotels because they couldn't get a hotel.
Like these fighters know that some of these fighters know that to where I'm able
to help them. And I fun this all on my own, breaking myself. So I'm, to me,
I'm just thinking on myself, like you doing this for a specific reason,
you passionate about it and you want to tell these guys lives.
And I just run really wanted to offer another glimpse into fighters lives other
than fight week.
If you flew to Phoenix for three days to
do comedy, um, and get a hotel and you, you know how expensive flight,
like, so imagine me finding this on my own.
If I want to go somewhere for three days. Well.
Especially dstan yeah, like that. And where are you staying?
When you're in dsstan.
I was staying with, uh, stayed at cabib's family house. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah.
So I stayed, uh,
they put me like above a store and he told me,
he gave me a key. He was like, brother, lock this door at night,
brother <laugh> Jesus Christ. He was like, don't go outside. Oh my God.
I still went outside. Did you? Yeah, I still went outside. Where'd you go?
I just was roam, like walking around, just filming stuff.
What's it like out in dstan when you're roaming.
The street? Well, they never really seen black people over there.
So I was like a little celebrity over there and you're a big one too.
And they know I'm from I'm wiabib so I was cool with.
That. Oh, so they knew that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You.
Know you with you? Yeah.
They was chilling. Did they speak English? A couple.
People did. Yeah. A couple people did. Did they ask you questions? Yeah.
They asked me questions. They, you know, they,
they obviously I had already been wi Kaib at that time, you know, I was,
that was past the con McGregor fiasco, so right. You know,
my channel get popular cuz of's something like that and right.
They just watch anything Kaib related. Um, Kaib got some crazy fans man.
And how.
Many people live in DTown.
Man? I don't know. Jamie pull that up.
<Laugh> I saw <laugh> Joyce. Wanna say that? Yeah. <laugh>
I saw some of the video. It was of people celebrating what he won. It was crazy,
man. It, the streets they're honking their horns and windows. When do you.
Want the title.
Or when he be, be con when he be Connor? Yeah, that was crazy. 2.9 million?
Yeah. Okay, cool. So, um,
so it's you're you're it is a city,
but it's essentially like nest in the.
Mountains'. Yeah. It's big. The.
Mountains are like right next to it or something. Yep. Like.
Sort of like Denver. Well, when we went to his mountain village,
we had to drive like two hours to get there. Oh really? Yeah.
Like we had to go on the border as a Chasney. I had to get another visa. Oh wow.
Like just to get through that checkpoint, I never be to get like,
we got to the checkpoint and they, like,
we had to all give him our stuff and then cabbi uh,
cabib was like get out <laugh> and the dude was like,
get out the army guy with his gun and then I get out and I come
around the car and cabib was like, get your camera brother. Right.
And then he was like, they want to take a picture with you with the camera.
I was like, thank God. What the hell y'all about to do? Yeah. It's kind,
I caught like a bad case of diarrhea while I was over there. Cause I eaten them.
But meat, I was trying to do keto while I was over there. <laugh> and listen,
the toilets are just a hole in the ground. Do you have the squat? Yeah.
You got the squat and pull the string or whatever. Oh geez.
So I remember like we was driving from his village at,
that was like my last night there and I CA like,
I was always destroyed <laugh> I was like, and we got two hours and oh no.
We like stopped a couple times to eat and pray and all that stuff. Like,
you know, I,
and I remember like I was suffering and cabib like filming me with his phone,
laughing, look at his brother, look at his brother.
He's about this hisself <laugh>.
And I remember getting back to the place where I was standing in dggingstan oh
my God. I probably lost like eight pounds. <laugh> it was crazy, man.
It was a crazy experience, man.
It was a crazy experience in dggingstan that's life changing.
It changed my life. How long were you there for nine days.
Wow. It changed my life. Really? Yeah, because when you,
in this type of industry, everybody materialistic, we all want nice things.
We wanna live in nice places. Wanna drive nice cars. I do.
Most people do wanna live nice and comfortable.
And I saw just how happy these people was just living their lives.
Like I went to his village,
I went to his mountain village and I was in this city and I saw these people
were just happy and maybe on,
on the outside they was happy and maybe they was dealing with other things that
we don't know about, but I saw familyliness brotherhood.
And I, I, I had a little bit of respect for their culture,
like obviously with Islam and things like that.
It's so many different sex that makes it bad. Just like with Chris tianity and,
and people in the Catholic community and the, the priest and everything. Sure.
And that's my experience with the Islamic community being around cabib so that's
the only thing I can go off of.
And obviously everybody seen Muhammad Ali and he praises and things like that.
But, um, I had a newfound respect, uh,
for just the simpleness of, of that.
Like Kaib I thought honestly Kaib was gonna retire after he fought Connor.
Cuz I talked to him a little bit about that and cuz he don't want
much, what did he say after the Connor fight? No, no.
Before the kind of fight before he was, he was just like,
what do you think about, uh, me retiring after the counter fight?
And I was like, man, you do what you wanna do. I can't tell you. He was like,
I mean, I'm gonna have money. What else do I need to do? Right.
Because he obviously knew that was gonna be the biggest, the biggest fight ever.
So at the, how much did he make for that fight? I don't know.
Well remember they took his check. Right.
But obviously he got a lot of money for that. Yeah. They,
they gave him a con con I think Connor had $4 million check. Yeah.
And then cabib had a $2 million check and then obviously they had the pay view
points. Right. So I was like, where am my money at?
I promoted the thing <laugh> you should have definitely unpaid for that video.
Listen, you know, what's funny is that uh, uh, somebody asked me along.
It was like, if, if you got anything out of this whole thing,
what would you want? I'd be like a camera.
Let's get a new camera so I could shoot some movies or something. Right.
That's literally the low expectations I had out of making the series mm-hmm
<affirmative> right. Especially when it was a documentary, I was just like, man,
maybe I make this documentary put in on Netflix design for free about fighters.
And now looking back on it, the stuff that I have captured on them, hard drives.
I can sell a documentary for millions of dollars.
I think I got amazing footage. I got,
I got the whole Connor thing that I got like that,
that tape is like 20 minutes nobody's ever seen it. I have it. No.
Oh, one's really seen the whole thing.
Like I got Connor when he first ran down the tunnel,
like cuz I seen him from a distance.